Add a support section in README (#891)
ansible-collections/cisco.nxos: README.md

This collection has been tested against Cisco N9K-C9300v chassis running NX-OS 9.3.6.
The modules with full support for Cisco MDS are tested against NX-OS 8.4(1) on MDS Switches.

## Support

As a Red Hat Ansible [Certified Content](https://catalog.redhat.com/software/search?target_platforms=Red%20Hat%20Ansible%20Automation%20Platform), this collection is entitled to [support](https://access.redhat.com/support/) through [Ansible Automation Platform](https://www.redhat.com/en/technologies/management/ansible) (AAP).

> If a support case cannot be opened with Red Hat and the collection has been obtained either from [Galaxy](https://galaxy.ansible.com/ui/) or [GitHub](https://github.com/ansible-collections/ansible.scm), there is community support available at no charge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a support case cannot be opened with Red Hat and the collection has been obtained either from [Galaxy](https://galaxy.ansible.com/ui/) or [GitHub](https://github.com/ansible-collections/cisco.nxos), there is community support available at no charge.
```
